what came out something came out on
anchovies by chance are offered are offered
on alice maybe you know apples you of
less now it seems to me a bit like that
which I understand
if there have been any offers we are
we are still very far from the value at the
player value
open and closed parenthesis on the speech
if there were any offers
this morning we had a chat
unfortunately also quite peaceful unless
let's not hide we came back to him
two concepts a little about how la thinks
Florentine you also know how
let us reason about many things
now he told me he expressed the
willingness to remain him to stay in
Florence
so this already makes me enough
glad I am happy now
next week they will meet
our people with our leaders
with his attorney because he would like
be the promises
he she so does not appear an offer from
part of the milan
out of the 8 million per line results from
what my parents told me
an offer appears but I repeat now
I do n't really know from what you tell me
turns out it's throws I confirm that we are
therefore far from the value of the player
far from our offer
if it means too low a figure
81 you say
if that is the offer it is certain
that we are far away but you are evaluating it
that I am not the one who tells you the
evaluations I tell you that we are far away
I hope so
of course it will be important what
he asks with his attorney asks
is what Florentine can give to a
player a future champion that now
has yet to prove much
it's a promise is what the
Florentine can give in a balance then
of the group , however, if already expressed the
will to stay this generates one
what is important at least what that
what I said to me
an injured manager asking
the possibility of treating the purchase 10
but different sides to about 20 players
of course
and here we are all already improved no in
general so that's why they tell you yes
another case won't happen like
montolivo
now I hope he stays
stay in florence because still much to
give
Florentine has waited for
several years with so much patience is the
boy this season came out
in his his great qualities that
we already knew five years ago when
so I took it for myself
path still right that it is in Florence
this is an advice I can give you
I can give it to him and he must understand that
then there are the important balances for
young boys like that when talking then
when it comes to this salary
what I can tell you
then the rest we'll see a little now
next week the inquiry very much
optimistic about the possibility of renewal
and I also ask her about Florentine what
she is willing to give to satisfy too
the aspirations of the footballer what
I told you before it was not that it was
unwell the Florentine Valentine makes the
his evaluations
the boy and I hope that with good
I also understand that the offer of the
Florentine is more than interesting for i
canvas for him and then there are the
in short, prosecutors are all there
world around the players and
valley go to the try to do
interest rightly
for the boy if he were to accept
your offer would go to that point
on the market
next week of course we must not
a new case must happen and montolivo
is the answer
undoubtedly to know if I understood correctly
next week you bet again
for the extension and if the player
should not accept what
propose you in the extension on
player goes on the market however to which
presence figure expressed my will
to stay I believe that it is already a good one
step into the next meeting
here I saw them I am quite optimistic
because this area is a message
important that boy to play me
expressed to me therefore for these things
valuations out next fly today
is no if this is the offer they have
but we are still far away
we are far from the true player value
I do not say I see and tell me a little
all
and premature to talk about these things
then you always talk to me about clauses
puts
words today there is a dish
This is another summer
the function
but no to the solutions he has given today
little with the chats there
we often do today I did it with him
because there was more reason like everyone
the others are two things are a little
several cases a little bit different this
presentation a little bit more
more particular as we say situation
more is to continue the negotiation
since the Milan has made a proposal
correct and that the company was going almost
certain
the man and Roman smile instead will treat
possibly because the other part
but look at the most important thing that is
here we always work together no
so already the fact and work as a group
our group is not just the one in
field that is more important but the group
also of my collaborators therefore it will be
a group work
there are no individual transactions that take place
individual managers do
this is a pretty situation
delicate but I also hope that the
boy, in short, remember a little
what in past years
what Florentine did also
for him no championship remained three
weeks so now we are in a
couple of weeks and I hope gas of a
next let's clarify everything but it will be if
must go on will be two weeks
still no we wo n't get any more
championship started thanks to the wolf